>> [Background Music]
And I think many people
today don't know what
to believe anymore.
>> People basically need to keep
on to help uncover
what really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
>> And now the host of
the nationally syndicated,
Coast to Coast A.M. and Gaiam
TV bring you Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> George Noory: Thank you.
I should have more applause
like that more often.
Welcome to Beyond Belief.
You know, governments will
do just about anything
to have an advantage
over other nations,
and that includes something
called "remote viewing".
Our special guest on
Beyond Belief is an expert
in remote viewing because he was
part of the government's program
and he also heads up the
Matrix Intelligence Agency
which is a private consultancy
company that also looks
into remote viewing,
Major Ed Dames.
[ Applause ]
Hello Major.
>> Ed Dames: Good, good.
>> George Noory: How are you?
>> Ed Dames: I'm OK.
>> George Noory:
Good to see you.
Ed, how did you get
involved in remote viewing?
>> Ed Dames: Well I was
operating at the Office
of Secretary Defense
level, very black units,
very black operations,
and one of the tools
that I used was the
remote viewing unit.
In those days, they
were psychics.
We did not have remote viewing.
It's purely psychics, but they
were very gifted psychics.
And there was mail that
we just could not answer.
There were problems
of national security,
mostly erstwhile Soviet Union
rocket missile development.
We couldn't penetrate
those programs.
We couldn't penetrate by hook
or by crook biological
warfare programs,
the very close-hold programs.
So, as an act of
desperation, the military, CIA,
to a certain extent,
used psychics.
But then at Stanford
Research Institute,
now SRI International, a syntax
and grammar was discovered
for how unconscious communicates
to conscious awareness.
In essence, this
was the beginning
of the Nascent Remote Program.
>> GN: Were the Soviets
doing that at this time too?
>> ED: The Russians--
The Russian KGB never
learned to train this.
And they used very, very gifted
psychics in their programs.
And the military
intelligence, the GRU,
the Russian military
intelligence, they attempted
to induce altered states
together, intelligence,
using psychotropics, Halcion,
LSD, and that program failed
for technical reasons that we
can get into later [inaudible].
>> GN: Our government
program, how long did it last?
>> ED: It began as
an experimental unit,
not a line of black
tar, even--
in the late '70s, about 1978.
'79, we began to experiment
with using altered
states with psychics.
>> GN: It's amazing because
nobody would understand
that during that
era, especially.
I think people are a
little aware today,
but that governments would
use people like you to try
to pierce the veil
and get information,
critical information tapping
into the consciousness,
tapping into whatever
is out there.
It blows the mind just
to think about that.
>> ED: Well, I think in
the future and probably
on other planets somewhere out
there, it's probably normal.
I believe that this
capability should taught
at elementary school
to tell you the truth.
>> GN: I think you're right.
I think you're right.
So somewhere along line,
we've lost that connection.
>> ED: We're never-- yeah.
I have to totally agree
with you on that note.
>> GN: Tell us about remote
viewing, exactly what is that.
>> ED: It's essentially
a systematic
extrasensory perception.
We take the innate ability
that we're all born with,
that intuitive feeling that
we sometimes have knowing
that the phone's going
to ring or not to get
on that plane tomorrow.
In fact, that feeling, we
turn that into a skill.
So it's very similar
to a language.
We all have the capability
to speak the language
at an early age.
But unless we're exposed to a
structure, Chinese, Japanese,
English or whatever, we can't
communicate effectively.
We need a structure.
And what was discovered
in the laboratory
by studying the cognitive
behavior of some
of the best natural
psychics was the structure
for how they process
information.
And what we do is take this
and turn it into a skill,
very systematic way, and it
becomes a three-part process.
Learning how to set
up the search term
like an internet
database search.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: You have to know
what question to ask and how
to phrase it and formalize it.
So we teach students
how to do that.
The second part of the
process is the skill itself.
It takes about 45 minutes to
two hours to sit down with a pen
in hand, bond paper, and
go through the motions.
This is like playing in a piano.
There's no thinking involved.
No thinking allowed.
>> GN: It's like the
Ben Kingsley movie
which you are a part of.
>> ED: Yes.
Tom Cruise asked me
to do that, train him.
And the third part of the
process is the analysis,
analyzing, because
unconscious is a language
on its own, analyzing
the output.
So, our output is word, ideas,
everything in the universe exist
as a pattern of information.
So we're extracting
that pattern.
There are no words.
It's just a pattern, but
we grab a pattern and then,
in our memory, we find out, "OK,
what is this pattern close to?"
If I've never seen the color
red before and I'm attempting
to remote view a performance
with the Bolshoi Ballet
and there's a red curtain,
I can perceive the idea
of red, the pattern.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: But I have no
word to hang, no label.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: So we can run into
software memory problems
like that if our
thesaurus or fictionary
of memories terms is weak.
But the third part is analysis.
And the first part
and the second part,
setting up the problem and the
analysis are the difficult ones.
The skill itself can taught
to anyone within weeks.
>> GN: You know, for years,
I used to think how
can we remote view
when you're physically
not there?
How can-- you know,
I see with my eyes,
how can you basically
see with your mind?
And then after interviewing you
so many times on Coast to Coast,
it started to make sense
to me that it's much more
than physical eyesight.
>> ED: It's an attention
management skill.
We turn our conscious
attention to a task,
unconscious attention
immediately follows
and obediently follows.
What we teach students to
do is hold on to the target,
a psychic can't do this.
In fact, they cannot
only not do this,
but after about 15
minutes, they do not realize
when imagination begins
to overlay the accurate
target-related data.
And we're not striving
for visuals.
It should be called
remote perception
but I kept the term
remote viewing on--
>> GN: Good point.
>> ED: -- the father of
remote viewing, English one--
>> GN: English one.
>> ED: -- who invested this too.
So when we come into a target,
if I turn my attention--
let's say I'm in New York
City right now and you're here
and I want to find you, right?
>> GN: Where I am,
what I'm doing.
>> ED: George Noory slash
present location, all right?
Well, I turn my attention
toward that.
In fact, I don't even have to--
somebody can just give me a set
of numbers 'cause my unconscious
is doing all the work.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: Then I come into
this set and I grab--
I grab anything I can to get an
anchor hold here before I turn
my attention to you.
So I'm going to grab a
slick and a glass here
and curved idea there.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: My eyes are not
closed when I work,
but I'm closing it now.
And I'm never attempting
to look at the target
because once I do that, that
field of vision collapses.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: So we put together-- if
these were a new weapon system,
let's say, this thing, then
I grab all of the components,
all of the descriptions,
there's operating parts,
I described those as well.
>> GN: So you're pretty
accurate with that, right?
>> ED: We are extremely
accurate.
In fact, we have to be in life--
be used on life or
death situations,
or deadly forces used.
So we would describe this
weapon in all of its weight,
shape and form, but we
don't have to name it.
In fact, it may not even have
a name, maybe a prototype.
>> GN: Sure.
Well in the case of looking for
me, you may visualize seeing me
in a studio somewhere
doing this.
Do you know where I am or do
you have to have like a sign
that says Denver
and you see that?
>> ED: My students
and my professionals will
not know where you are.
They'll be able to
accurately describe this set
but they won't know
where you are.
I can know because I
have a specialized skill
that we did not have
30 years ago.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: It's called geophysics.
But-- So when I work
right now, I'm chasing one
of FBI's most wanted,
two missing kids,
my team members describe
the setting--
>> GN: I see.
>> ED: -- [inaudible]
dead or alive.
>> GN: And you look
for the coordinates.
>> ED: And I go after
the coordinates.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: And then we
match those up.
I can look down at overhead
photography and say, "OK,
here's where I've got
this person living.
Does the description match?"
If it does, we send
in the US Marshalls.
>> GN: Does the team see
what might have happened
to those two?
>> ED: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>> GN: And they will tell
them no matter what--
>> ED: Absolutely.
>> GN: -- what they
think they see, right?
>> ED: That's why we
don't work with parents.
>> GN: You can't.
>> ED: It's-- We did that a
long time ago and it's not--
>> GN: What's the accuracy
rate on something like this?
>> ED: A hundred percent.
But it takes-- it can take
upward to two weeks to do that.
>> GN: And do you have a number
of people working on a project
and you take the best eight out
of ten, or something like that?
>> ED: No, because we don't
know what the best eight
out of ten would be.
At any given time, I will not
use more than six professionals
because it's information
overload,
we don't need that many people.
>> GN: Yet, the other two
could be the accurate ones,
I guess, right?
>> ED: It's sort of like
minority report that we--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: Actually no.
For beginning students, that's
true but not for professionals.
If they get-- If a pro makes
a mistake, they'refired.
It's just like any
other profession.
If an airline pilot lands its
airliner 10-feet off the runway,
well I only missed the runway
by 10-feet, you're gone,
the same thing with my work.
Once I train you to be right
100 percent all the time,
don't be wrong.
>> GN: Most of you will know
the name Steven Fossett.
He was a millionaire
who was the first
to take a balloon
around the world.
He was a very ambitious
experimenter and one day he was
in a small-- very small plane
flying and he crashed it,
and nobody, nobody
knew where he was.
And this went on
for a week or two.
>> ED: Two weeks.
>> GN: Ed was on
Coast to Coast with me
and he said they will find the
wreckage and possibly the body
in Sierra, Nevada,
in the mountains.
And people would say, "Come
on, that's ridiculous."
That's where they found him.
>> ED: I went round and
round with the search--
in fact, that was the most
expensive search in US history.
Everybody was involved
in getting on that.
>> GN: It was huge.
>> ED: It was huge and
the search team manager,
and I went round and
round, and he said, "Ed,
you can't be in Sierra, Nevada.
You know, the plane didn't
have enough fuel," but I said,
"That's where he's at."
And in fact, this
is how he died.
Sixty-five horsepower engine
got caught in a downdraft
and could not get back.
>> GN: He could get back, it
just drove him right there.
>> ED: No way.
Yeah, drove him right
into the rocks doing.
So, he-- the chief-- the head
of the search team ate a
little bit of crow on that one.
But now, our techniques
are precision techniques,
location techniques.
>> GN: How do you
refine the techniques?
Like you're better now than
you people were before.
>> ED: No, not in terms of the
descriptive nature of the beast
but in terms of accuracy
and precision, plotting
and location far better.
What that took was to
formulate a search term,
what we call a "cue".
Let's say I'm looking for
the Ark of the Covenant
or I'm looking for--
well, here's a real world
case, Stacy Peterson.
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: Stacy Peterson, you
might remember, Drew Peterson,
former police officer.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: This was his third
wife which he offed.
We're looking for
her body right now.
In order to pinpoint
that location--
I'm doing this in fact tonight.
In order to do that, I had to go
through a few years of feedback.
I had to look for
a known thing--
>> GN: And see if it was there.
>> ED: -- that was missing,
then I had to get in
my jeep and drive.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: And I took about
10,000 miles driving
to get the feedback
for certain things
to formulate the
correct search terms
because that was the problem.
And then to develop
new strategies
that we did not have before.
We got that now.
>> GN: And you [inaudible]
yourself up that way basically.
>> ED: That's right.
>> GN: Let's take some question
for Major Ed Dames
on remote viewing.
Who's got one?
This is a fascinating subject.
Yes ma'am.
>> Hi, Rebecca Pittman.
On what you were
just talking about,
how far in the past can
you go to find someone?
For instance, like
Amelia Earhart.
Is this something that
has to be fairly recent
for you to cue in on it?
>> ED: That's a good question.
First of all, let me say
that mind, think of mind
as the fifth dimension
and time the fourth.
Mind is outside of time.
So, there is no limitation
in terms
of future and past targets.
Right now, my flagship
operation is the L'Oiseau Blanc,
the White Bird.
This is a plane-- This
is a crew that attempted
to beat Charles Lindbergh cross
the Atlantic and they did it.
But history thinks they
went down in a drink.
They're lost.
You know, we found the wreckage
and we're going to go in there.
And this is not only-- this
was 19-- I think it was 1924,
if I'm not mistaken,
something like that.
And-- So to give you an idea
of how far back when you go
and we do know where
Amelia Earhart's Electra is.
The engine of her Electra is
sitting in a reef somewhere,
which I'm not going to talk
about now 'cause we want
to set the stage with the
White Bird, the L'Oiseau Blanc,
they made it, they beat
Charles Lindbergh by a week.
So not only will
this solve a mystery,
but it changes a page
in history as well.
So, this is our flagship
operation.
It's a good one.
>> Thank you, I love it.
>> GN: I remember
you were talking
about the very tragic case,
that of Natalee Holloway,
the women who disappeared
in Aruba.
And, you know, you pinpointed
her that she was in the ocean
in some kind of a
lobster cage or something.
>> ED: We feel that we--
our work indicated
that she was crunched
up in a lobster cage
and-- in the ocean.
I sent-- I have an agent that--
a field agent, he speaks
in a number of languages
and he's my man on the ground.
I sent him to Aruba.
He had an underwater sled
and we had GPS go on this,
but you have to pop up--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: -- the GPS to about
a foot of the surface
to get a reading,
pull it back down.
We did not want to work
with the local police
because we felt they
were corrupt.
And my man would be in
trouble and possibly in danger.
So he was on the water
the whole time looking
for that lobster cage, but we
weren't able to get close enough
to it because he started
to become surveilled.
They were looking at this
guy entering the water
from over here by this refinery
and wondering what
is this guy doing.
So he attracted too much
attention we had to pull out.
Later on, using just
pure remote viewing,
we found out that what was left
to her was mostly distributed
throughout the ocean.
>> GN: Yeah, I could see that.
Let's go to our Beyond
Belief cam
and get a question
Major Ed Dames.
>> Hi Ed, this is Kelly
from Hawaii
and I was wondering
if our enemies could ever use
remote viewing against us.
>> GN: Could they?
>> ED: In my world-- in
this world or anybody
who learns remote viewing,
it's a world without secrets.
There are no secrets.
Anything you turn your
attention to, it can be known.
There's no way you can stop me
for knowing anything about you,
nor I to be able to stop you.
Because if it were telepathic,
if there were an energetic
connection between you and I,
that would be different.
There are things that we can do.
But when I remote view you, I
am not going to do-- I'm going--
"going", I use the
term loosely--
I'm turning my attention,
my unconscious attention
to the way you exist as
a pattern of information
in another dimension
in the universe.
You can't stop me
from doing that.
I'm reading the book about
George Noory, so to speak.
>> GN: Sure.
>> ED: So, you're here.
Sometimes I slip my
students a mickey.
I give them a blind target,
but they don't know
what the target is
because you're training their
unconscious to do the work.
I'll have them remote view
themselves at the present time.
So now they're looking
at themselves the way they
exist in another dimension.
So they are emotional-- their
emotions will be the same
as the person they think
they're remote viewing.
>> GN: Is remote
viewing strictly viewing
or can you literally
alter events by doing it?
>> ED: It's a-- generally
speaking,
Heisenberg Uncertainty
Principle,
not what's standing,
generally is a passive thing.
And I don't want to get into
other technical areas right now
about mind over matter,
our sister science
telekinesis, psychokinesis.
Yes, we have a lot of
experience in that we--
in fact, we've used remote
viewing to model those things,
to take an instance where any
reasonable person would say,
"This is an act of a
Uri Geller effect,"
psychokinetic activity
actually happen here.
And we use remote viewing to
look at that event and model it.
And after we're through, we
have a piece of paper called
"site template" with all the
knowns connected with the event.
We look for the unknown.
Hey, what's this?
What's this?
Because that's the
dynamics and the mechanics--
>> GN: Sure.
>> ED: -- that allowed
this interaction to happen.
Now we studied that
and we model it.
So, you know, viewing can
be used as in to many,
many different phenomena.
>> GN: Let's take another
question from Major Ed Dames.
Yes sir, right here.
Stand up please.
>> I'm Eric Bottin.
I have heard that anyone can
be taught to remote view,
but what makes some
better than others
when it comes to remote viewing.
Is it innate ability or is
it the level of training?
And if it's innate ability,
can that be compensated for
but with more training?
>> ED: Generally speaking,
what makes a good remote viewer
is what makes a person good
at any other skill, work,
like dent of hard life.
My natural ability, my
natural innate ability,
psychic ability was
below average.
I had to make up for
that by dent of labor,
a lot of years of hard work, OK?
And our work, I know as
a teacher and I can spot
within a number of hours
the level of innate ability,
one's innate psychic antenna,
I can spot that within
a few hours.
If a person is highly--
has a great long antenna,
if their birthright gives them a
lot of natural psychic ability,
I can turn them not
only into professional,
which I can do the most
to anyone, on an all star.
The difference between I
and they are I can
solve a problem within,
let's say, 45 minutes.
This is a problem
solving tool as well
as a descriptive
tool, remote viewing.
But the gifted psychic, the
very gifted student can produce
about twice as much detail as
I in the same period of time.
That's the only difference.
>> GN: I like that.
How about another
question for him?
Yes sir, right here.
>> Does the government still
use remote viewing and was
that involved in the
apprehension of Bin Laden?
>> ED: No, our government--
US government does not--
no longer uses remote viewing
for political reasons,
particularly.
And we did not-- my team used it
to look for Bin Laden a couple
of times and we-- I
passed that information
on to US Special
Operations Command.
I still have contacts there.
But the US does not use remote
viewing anymore in operations.
The government of India does.
The government of China does.
And those are the two big ones.
>> GN: Did you get
close to find Bin Laden?
>> ED: We're dead on him.
But for political reasons,
at the time when he was
on the Pakistan-- inside
Pakistan, we didn't have a lot
of drones in production at
that time and it was also not
yet politically correct to
use a drone in Pakistan.
He was there, but our government
didn't act on the information
because to have done so
would've eliminated the reason
for us to be at war.
And I think you can
understand the rest.
The military industrial complex,
just like Eisonhower
said is, is what it is.
>> GN: Tell me about this Ed.
The Killshot.
>> ED: The Killshot wasn't--
is a neologism, a name I coined
for something we had to
put together over a long--
over a number of years
beginning a number of years ago.
About 20 years ago
both the military team
and my military team and a
newly trained civilian team--
I trained the civilian team
as well to replace them--
began to look ahead
in the future
of the world looking
at certain things.
Global economic collapse, we
spotted and another thing,
Fukushima event, unfortunately.
What we saw, there was
something that was very,
very big that affected the
earth catastrophic, globally.
It's not going to
kill all mankind
but it's very serious disaster.
And it took us a while to very
precisely isolate what this was.
And what it was, was our
own sun going on a rampage,
putting out a series of very,
very strong solar flares
over a period of months.
If not, longer.
That takes out a lot
of communications,
causes massive atmospheric
disturbances,
unprecedented effects.
And indirectly causes
the death of many,
many millions of people.
>> GN: Oh geez.
>> ED: Many millions of people.
And so, I called this the
Killshot and began to talk
about it on your program
and then other places
saying get ready for this.
And when it-- when,
it was the question.
So we-- because minds
outside of time.
We don't know where we
are in time as viewers.
>> GN: It could be any time.
>> ED: If you give me a
fossil, for instance, my team
and I can sketch the-- if you
just give me a piece of fossil,
we can sketch the
entire animal or plant.
What it ate?
If the plant was
carnivorous at that.
>> GN: Sure.
>> ED: But we can't tell you
where that came from and--
>> GN: And when it lived.
>> ED: It could be the
future as far as we know.
>> GN: By the way, you're
all going to get a copy
of The Killshot right
after the show.
[ Applause ]
You know, scientists are saying
that the sun is acting up.
That it's-- we're going
into this maximum cycle.
>> ED: Well it's-- we
have a 24 at the end of--
and many epiphenomenon
on a larger cycle.
But this one, the beauty
of remote viewing is it can
spot those economic black swans
and it can spot those
scientific discontinuities
that are not predictable.
And that's the beauty of the--
one of the beauties of this
science as a look ahead tool,
as a crystal ball
type of a thing.
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: And unfortunately, I have
not focused on the good things.
I focused on the
deadly things in order
to save a few lives
perhaps here and there.
>> GN: When you remote
view, you're sketching.
How does that work?
>> ED: We're doing two things.
We're downloading ideas.
We're grabbing ideas
associated with the target.
For instance, an
idea here would--
there's a group,
a group of what?
Life forms, OK?
Tell me about the life forms.
Men and women, they
have clothing on.
If I'm an American, I don't feel
I'm in a foreign environment.
What are they doing?
They're watching.
What are they're watching?
Then we start sketching.
They're looking ahead.
They're-- OK, is this a zoo?
Is this a performance?
What is it?
All right, it's a-- it could
be a type of a demonstration.
We get-- as we describe this,
our mind is being pulled closer
and closer and closer
into the target.
So we have more and more
accurate descriptions,
it would be like
reading a novel.
The more you're into it,
the more difficult it is
to pull yourself away
and the more you know
about the details there.
That's a fair analogy
for the way that we work.
And yes, we download words in a
very formatted structured way.
And then we draw-- we
sketch and we draw,
we can even use modeling
compound if we desire
to model whatever we want.
>> GN: You train a
lot of people Ed.
>> ED: I do.
>> GN: Give me--
this is your course.
>> ED: Yes.
>> GN: Give me the cliff
notes version of this.
I mean what do you do?
How do you start with someone?
>> ED: Oh, it's quite easy
and it's a lot of fun.
We give them a lecture about--
we have to have a model.
In fact scientist, the
intellectuals, until--
they don't-- I'm a technician.
I'm a test pilot.
I crash and burn the system.
We don't know how
we're doing this.
We have a model.
You have to have a model
or you can't teach it.
Our model is that there is
only one mind, only one.
A brain has an oscillator,
electrochemical oscillator
is immersed
in this universal minefield.
And when we turn our unconscious
attention to something,
we're tuning it like a radio to
a station, a particular station.
If this is the station right
here, we tune it to that.
So we give a new student kind
of a basic lecture,
just a basic lecture.
We have a lot of other lectures
to follow and then I tell them
to sit down, put your
pen on the paper,
I'm going to give
you a set of numbers
and the numbers are
associated with a target.
Let's say this room is a target,
but that's all they
have is the numbers
because they're unconsciously
thinking--
>> GN: And you want them
to write down numbers?
>> ED: I'm going to walk
them through the first step.
Put your pen on the
paper, here we go.
You know, one, two, three,
four, eight, seven, two, five.
They produce a little squiggle
which is like a zip file.
And now, that little squiggle,
the next steps they have
through-- descriptive terms,
I'm going to tell you what those
are in a moment, they're going
to unzip the zip file
and then its components.
So, a person may have
just a small squiggle
which is a burst transmission
that represents this
room right now.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: OK.
And then, as we move
through the course,
what happens is they
begin to focus on aspects.
There's an aspect here, a table
with a man, a chair with a man,
two groups of people, equipment,
lights, strange thing back here.
They separate those components
out like framework
of a jigsaw puzzle.
And then they fill the pieces
of the jigsaw puzzle in.
And then at the end of the
session, 45 minutes or one hour,
sometimes two hours, they
put all the pieces back to--
of the puzzle together, now
they have the big picture.
For us to have attempted
a visual of this,
and I used to use altered states
in my own work in the military.
Once we get a visual,
it's-- the field collapses,
we can't maintain that
visual, that's why we have--
that's why I kicked out all
the altered states guys,
German barnacle
and everything.
Those guys, I said, "We can't
use you anymore because this is
so accurate, it's a far
superior tool this remote
viewing animal."
But that's the way we do it.
We put the pieces together.
We describe what those
people are doing.
We describe those
people, they're sitting,
they're watching,
they're thinking,
and we can focus
on any individual.
We can get right in their mind.
We can get into the past.
Do anything we want.
But right now, for a student,
it's just to describe
the setting.
What is happening
here, what's going on?
>> GN: And I remember you
taught me once and you said,
"Don't think, let it happen."
>> ED: You're not allowed
to think or I hit you
with a big stick, yeah, I'll do.
>> GN: As you start
thinking, you do what?
You start creating your
own images in your head--
>> ED: You're going
to allow imagination
and your unconscious
can't do its job
because you're listening
to the small signal.
I use the term "listen"
loosely, and it's--
think about playing the piano.
You don't stop and think about
the note that you just played.
Otherwise, the music
stops, right?
>> GN: That's right.
>> ED: The whole piece--
>> GN: It just happens.
>> ED: -- [inaudible] over.
You can not think about the--
>> GN: It's like driving a car.
>> ED: If I describe--
If I describe shiny,
bright, clicking, all right?
Gee, if I stop and think
about it and try to analyze it
on the fly, I'll
lose the target.
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: OK.
So that's-- it's an analogous
of playing the piano
only backwards.
>> GN: That's something else.
In terms of how it works,
here's an example, you know,
you go to Las Vegas, you
play a little black jack
and you know the dealer
is going to flip a card.
Here comes an eight,
here comes an ace,
and you're right
most of the time.
Are we remote viewing
that or are we making
that eight or ace pop up?
>> ED: It's an interesting
question.
After years of talking
with my colleagues,
we think that all those
events already exist in time,
that we didn't make
anything happen.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: That the event already--
>> GN: So the eight was going to
happen, we just saw it coming.
>> ED: I don't like that in
terms of free will, ideas and--
it doesn't make me comfortable.
But there's so much evidence in
our work that supports the idea
that those moments
already exist.
In fact, you know, all--
the moment when you
lifted up my Killshot DVD,
where did that moment go?
I mean it's just as real as
this one which is now gone.
The earth has rotated so
far and move through space.
But all those moments are just
as real as this passing one now
and the one that will follow
in a few moments from now.
A moment of time is about three
seconds for a human being,
about 3,000 milliseconds as
we integrate all of the many,
many percepts which
are quite a bit,
about 31,000 actually
from each second.
We integrate all that.
We throw out the stuff
that we don't need
and we process this up.
Right now, my attention
is answering your question
as articulately as I can.
And all the other
stuff around me,
these kinds of things
excel throughout,
but it's still there.
>> GN: Sure.
>> ED: We just-- our cup
would it run
over if we try to
process everything,
but these moments exist.
>> GN: Why do they
call you Doom?
They do, they call him Dr. Doom.
>> ED: That was my nemdigger
in the military.
I was this country's
biological warfare case office.
So when I would brief at
the White House each week,
I'd go over to the old
executive office building,
here out would come an Air
Force colonel who had just told
that the National Security
Council or someone else, others,
about the most recent
Russian Megatonage.
And that got pretty boring.
But when I would walk
in there, I'd say, OK.
>> GN: Here's come doom.
>> ED: This is what we
uncovered, you know.
It looks like the
Sovs, the Soviets,
have taken Naja naja
oxiana toxin"--
the Indian Cobra,
Naja naja oxiana--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: Has taken a
toxin, have integrated it
into human E. coli, it's
naturally found in our gut,
and they're going to spray
that on a submarine crew
as it leaves port
in New England.
And then above 48 hours
later, the entire crew--
>> GN: Is sick.
>> ED: Not only sick, it feels
like they're being bitten
by a cobra in their
stomach and they're dying.
And so, these guys would come
out from around the table
and listen to me
and that's how I--
those are the kinds of things
that got me that nemdigger.
>> GN: Is remote viewing--
I mean does it ever
remote view good things?
>> ED: Good things.
[ Laughter ]
Yes, of course.
Or, the best answer to
that is a medical thing,
we've saved many, many lives.
I've had the honor
of teaching some
of the world's finest
leading doctors,
leading orthopedic surgeon,
leading ear doctor,
and those folks.
And I ask doctors to bring to
workshops or private training,
I don't do private training
anymore, but workshops
or clinics their most
intractable problems
and then we usually
remote view in this--
as a practicum in a
course to solve that.
But we can also use it--
any individual that's trained
can use it for a friend,
a loved one on, and we've
save many lives that way.
>> GN: How many remote viewers
had see things happening,
like Fukushima and other
tragic events, 9/11?
Did you folks see any of that?
>> ED: We have to
be looking that way.
In the case of 9/11,
nobody was looking that way.
In the case of Fukushima,
I was because TV Asahi,
a TV studio from Japan, asked me
about Tokyo's next
big earthquake.
So I turned and in
fact this is on--
>> GN: You turned your
attention to that.
>> ED: [Inaudible], I think
you can see me, you know,
actually working this
on a YouTube video.
I turned my attention in the
next earthquake and I looked
to Tokyo, described Tokyo
as not being damaged,
all the buildings coming
down, a little bit of flooding
in the subways, no real
fatalities, but look over here,
here's a reactor
that's going to break.
And by the way, it's going to
be at least a mini Chernobyl
and it's going to kill
50 to 80,000 people
within the first couple
of years, minimally.
>> GN: And it probably will.
It has.
>> ED: It's going to
kill many millions.
>> GN: I mean, already,
they're talking
about spillage that's higher
than they ever even thought.
>> ED: George, we're looking at
the greatest manmade disaster
in recorded history and
probably before that.
>> GN: And we won't even
know the real effects.
If it's in the water and it's
on the fish, how do we know?
>> ED: The first of-- The
first effects you're going
to see are wildlife and
then the next generation
of Northern Japanese babies.
They're going to look
like Chernobyl babies,
many of them do.
>> GN: OK, tragic.
>> ED: So Northern Japan is
going to become inhabitable.
Secretly, the Japanese
government are moving--
is moving Tokyo to Myanmar,
they're making negotiations.
>> GN: They know this.
>> ED: Yeah, they know.
Northern Japan is going
to become a no man's land
but we're going to get it too.
When I-- When we look
at Killshot sanctuaries,
places where people you
go to avoid the effects
of the Killshot and
Fukushima, we didn't know
about Fukushima's effects.
But I was wondering, how come
British Columbia does not have
any survival zones?
What's going on here?
It's got everything people need.
It's got fresh water, fish.
Even if the skies are dark--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: -- fish can still
survive off of algae
for a couple of years.
>> GN: Sure.
>> ED: You have something
to eat.
It's got all this great
compartmentalization
that the bad guys can't get
you, get to where you are.
Why isn't DC a sanctuary zone?
Now we know.
I have a very close hold, a
classified project to look
at nuclear terrorism
or why I monitor this.
My most recent check on that,
it was eclipsed by Fukushima.
The Fukushima event is
more significant now
than any nuclear
terrorist event.
>> GN: It's unreported.
>> ED: If that keeps on giving.
>> GN: We'll talk about
it on Coast to Coast,
but I don't see a lot of people
hammering away at this story.
>> ED: Because there's nothing
that any government
can do about it.
It's just like UFOs,
nothing they can do about it.
There's nothing they
can do about it.
So they don't want to get--
they're not going to come
out to the public and say--
>> GN: Mass panic.
>> ED: Well, no, that's not it.
If you're a government,
you have to be in control.
You can't say--
>> GN: We can't help you.
>> ED: we don't know
and we can't--
yeah, we can't handle this.
Fukushima is similar.
>> GN: It's sad.
>> ED: It's tragedy beyond
belief, no pun intended.
It's beyond comprehension
as far as I'm concerned.
That's why I'm so gloomy
and doomy all the time,
things like that, 'cause
I get to see this stuff
and it can wear on you.
>> GN: Is there a
way out for us?
>> ED: No.
No, there's not.
There is but it's-- it's dicey.
There was a secret test that the
Israeli government conducted off
the coast of South Africa
a long ago, an atomic test.
And-- But they conducted
another test inland
and the safety feature
devices, the safety--
safeties weren't there
because it would have created a
signature that the United
States would've seen
overhead photography.
But something happened,
it was very interesting.
A thing parked that was parked
on the backside of the moon
that look like a tent
structure, flexible tent.
I don't know how
else to explain it.
Disappeared, popped up
above that test site,
sucked up the radiation
that was above ground,
turned it into something
like electricity back
to the moon it went.
So I'm hoping that
these guys, you know--
>> GN: Come and save us.
>> ED: That's my hope.
>> GN: Well, you know what?
The late remote viewer
Ingo Swann saw something
on the far side of the moon.
A lot of people thought, "Well,
maybe he wrote about that
in his book 'Penetration' but
it was more of a fiction."
You knew the guy,
what do you think?
>> ED: I didn't know.
I dedicate my book [inaudible]--
>> GN: Yes, you do.
>> ED: -- for which you
wrote the [inaudible].
>> GN: I sure did.
Tell me what you see.
>> ED: I dedicated
it to [inaudible].
>> GN: What did you
think of his thoughts
about the far side of the moon?
>> ED: There's stuff back there.
Think that the-- the
Clementine mission,
NASA's Clementine mission,
it was supposed to
be for the public.
Then all of a sudden, the
Air Force took it over.
And it was-- it's mapped 98
percent of the moon's surface
but you can't get the
photography there.
Well the Japanese are saying,
"Well, take a look here,
in this crater, there's
this big cubicle structure,"
that's what we were seeing.
Do we know what it's doing?
We don't. We don't understand
it and we're talking perhaps
if there's a federation
out there, and there is,
we're talking about
possible technologies,
and I use that term
loosely, that are not 100--
a million years in
advance of us,
but perhaps 100 million years.
Scientists used to kind of--
I used to lead scientific
expeditions
against these UFO sites.
And they would ask me, "Ed,
what's the propulsion
system here?"
And I said I don't know.
It's just like an electron hole.
It's pulling itself
through space.
I don't know what the
propulsion system is.
>> GN: How close is remote
viewing to being intuitive?
Is it one and the same?
>> ED: We take the intuitive
ability, the innate ability,
and that's what we
turn into a skill.
This is like the ability for a
child to "ooh-ooh" and grunt,
we take that and we structure
it into a-- we have a structure,
whatever language, whatever--
and that's a ground we
have and we structure it.
So yes, it values
itself of the same thing.
We needed-- - at CIA and Army,
we needed something psychically
that could produce as
much technical information
in a shorter period
of time as possible
and that's why this was
developed the way it
was developed.
But intuition, like the ability
to speak, is very tassel.
You can learn any
number of language.
And we don't have-- we
can use our innate ability
to do many of the things.
>> GN: Sure.
>> ED: Not just remote viewing
in this the technical way.
>> GN: I'm going to do a little
experiment with the audience.
And after it's done, tell
me what I did, if you would.
Now the probability of this
happening is 20 percent.
So that means 20 percent of
you should get this right.
If it's higher than that, then
there's something going on here.
I'm going to send a number
to you between one and five.
I'm going to ask you
to just blank your mind
and pretend the top of your
head right now is a chalkboard
and don't think.
But when I tell you that
I've sent the number,
write it on that mental
chalkboard and we'll do it now.
Think. OK, so I've
now sent you a number.
And I'm going to give you that
number and by show of hands--
now 20 percent of you
should have this right just
for probability, right Ed?
>> ED: Right.
>> GN: Four.
No, it looks like
more than 20 percent.
So what did I do?
>> ED: It's telepathy,
that's not remote viewing.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: That's an energetic
concept with the audience too.
I did the same thing.
You need-- if you have a
group, a very powerful thing.
It's very-- I mean I--
>> GN: 'Cause I was
almost 50 percent.
>> ED: Yeah.
But if you have a group of
people, there is a dynamic--
a synergistic dynamic
that's very, very different.
For instance, let's
not kid ourselves here.
At the unconscious level,
all of us are communicating
with each other.
>> GN: Sure.
>> ED: There's nothing hidden
at all at the unconscious level.
So, that cooperation right
there already existed
in time before you did it
physically [inaudible].
>> GN: I had an 80 percent hit
rate with ex-wife doing that.
Eighty percent.
And then one day, it got
down to like, 10 percent
and I knew something was wrong.
>> ED: I trained my sons
when they were young
in both remote viewing and
telepathy and I used colors.
And my oldest son got--
reached 100 percent.
But they can't do that with me
because they don't have
the mental discipline.
"OK, dad, I'm thinking
of a color."
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: Because my
youngest son at eight is--
pink, red, you know,
he can't hold a color,
he doesn't have the
discipline to do that.
>> GN: Let's take some more
questions for Major Ed Dames.
Yes ma'am, way in the back.
>> Mr. Dames, do you believe
that remote viewing
is on the increase?
And if it is, how can we tell
that we're being remote viewed?
>> ED: I think that remote
viewing is scarier to the powers
to be-- than the internet.
The internet is the
scariest thing that there is.
And it was too-- it happened
too late before the tripartite
and whatever you
want to call them,
the Illuminati, realized
the danger.
But remote viewing, wait until--
when a threshold number of
people have been trained
in remote viewing, and we're
getting there very, very close,
now they have a real threat.
Because, for instance-- and
I'll answer your other question
in a moment.
For instance, congressmen
who are on the Senate
and the House Intelligence
Committee would come up weekly
because they were briefed on the
existence of our military unit.
They were scared to
death that we were going
to remote view them
because they had the most
to hide, I'm not kidding.
And you guys know this.
But it was-- they're
scared to death.
They were afraid that
we were going to use it
against them 'cause they
had so much to hide.
Well think about if thousands
of people have this ability.
Now they're in trouble,
worse so than the internet,
which is going to be controlled
because it represents
such a huge threat.
Don't get yourself,
they're going to grab it.
How would you know if someone
was remote viewing you?
You wouldn't because
they're looking
at you the way you exist
in another dimension.
The pattern of you through time.
If I want to remote view you,
I have to use a temporal
qualifier.
When do I want you in time?
Birth, death, or
somewhere in between?
>> GN: So there's not like
a remote viewer detector
or anything like that?
>> ED: No, there isn't.
For natural psychics, there is.
If you're-- for instance, the--
I personally led an attack
against the erstwhile Soviet
Union's Soviet Defense Council.
We kind of traded the
program, very interesting data,
intelligence that we
gathered from them.
We used remote viewing for that.
And we did that real
time during--
when their meetings
were going on.
They had a very gifted natural
psychic in Moscow standing
in that meeting hall
saying, "Stop,"
because he could
feel us [inaudible].
>> GN: He could feel it, yeah.
>> ED: But that was different.
It was a real time attack
by a group of viewers
on them during the meeting.
Otherwise, the only way you
would know I'm remote viewing
you is if you're sleeping
and, at the same time--
at the same time, I'm--
generally speaking,
there are some technicalities
about this--
at the same time I was
remote viewing you,
you might foresee me
in your dreams, OK?
If a group of us were remote
viewing you during your sleep,
we could actually
interfere with your sleep.
Unless--
>> GN: You can change--
>> ED: Unless, you're
guardian angel stopped us.
By the angel [inaudible].
>> GN: Could you kill
somebody in a dream state?
>> ED: I don't think so.
>> GN: Make their heart
stop, something like that?
>> ED: The Russians
were trying to do that.
They were experimenting
with frog's hearts
and rabbit's hearts.
In fact, I met my counterpart,
the operations officer
of the KGB unit after
the Cold War was over,
Ivan Zakharov.
We go along famously.
And I asked him about that
experiment and he said,
"Yeah, it didn't work."
And the Secret Service knocked
on my door at Fort Meade once
and came up and said, "Look,
you published this
parapsychology advances
in Eastern Europe,
special intelligence--
scientific intelligence
[inaudible]."
>> GN: A paper.
>> ED: Yeah, a paper.
It's classified.
It goes around to different
people in the business.
And you're talking
about these programs.
We're worried about
President Reagan.
Can they affect him?
And that's when I took a
look at their program to see
if they could do that,
war in the ether,
I write about it in
the autobiography.
>> GN: We had five guys who were
good all bombarding somebody.
>> ED: Yeah, but they knew.
They-- hey, they're
looking at us
and we're looking
at them, all right?
And so I told these Secret
Service guys, I said, "No,
they can't"-- but they can't
do it but they can proceed,
if they want to, everything
that's uppermost or deep mind
in President Reagan's mind.
So these guys said,
"Thank you very much.
That's all we need," because
they're not interested in that.
They're interested in
protecting the physicalness
of the president.
They could care less about the
other stuff and not their job.
>> GN: Let's take another
Beyond Belief cam question
for Major Dames.
>> Hi Mr. Dames, I'm Leah
from Los Angeles.
I was wondering, can anyone
become a remote viewer?
>> ED: Yes, anyone can
become a remote viewer
with a couple of
minor exceptions.
If you are-- you should
not try to remote view
if you're schizophrenic.
Schizophrenics, it'll-- learning
this changes your life forever.
You can never look at the
world the same way again
because you know, you could
potentially know anything.
For schizophrenic, they--
it'll take them over the edge.
That's number one.
And that's probably the only
type of person other than those
who don't want to learn that
can't learn remote viewing.
>> GN: Let's take one more
last question for the Major.
Yes ma'am, right here.
>> Ed, I'm Charlene Booth.
Am I hearing you say that you
can remote view on the moon
and that you can remote
into someone's mind
to see what they're thinking?
>> ED: We-- The targets that
we have are discrete targets,
a person, place, thing or an
event, and problem targets,
who did it, where is it, how to
fix this, that kind of thing.
Yeah, the sky is the limit.
>> GN: And the moon of course?
>> ED: The moon isn't--
>> GN: That's easy, isn't it?
>> ED: There's no
consequence to us.
>> But what's on the moon then?
>> ED: Well there is a very--
there are some very
ancient structures that--
and we've gone back in time
just for fun to look at,
you know, who put them there.
Well we don't know who out them
there but there were small--
I will call them miners,
they were totally androids.
I'll say androids for
lack of a better word.
Robots who were mining the moon,
but we don't know
how far back it was.
Some of their structures
are still there though.
They still extend
above surface.
>> What about current things,
like when they were doing,
you know, the Man on the Moon,
if they were doing
the Man on the Moon?
>> ED: They were being watched.
Don't forget that
the-- it isn't just--
we're not just being observed.
We're being interfere-- there's
intervention, shutting the--
there's a system out
there and there are many,
many types of observers
out there.
But there's one that
knows where every--
thank God, knows where every
single nuclear warhead is
on this planet, whether it's
in storage, on a boomer,
on a missile, mounted
or not, on a B-52,
they know where every one is
and they can disable
them if they have to.
That's why there would never
have been a nuclear slug fest.
All that stuff we had to do as
kids under the desk at school--
>> GN: I remember
those, scary times.
>> ED: -- it was scary times.
But in truth, there's
something out there
where they'll never allow
this to have a slug fest.
To understand the consequences
of Fukushima, the consequences
of Hiroshima, Nagasaki, yes,
we have to understand
the consequences.
But to take this
planet out, this guard,
somebody out there is saying no.
>> That's good.
>> ED: Yeah, that's very good.
>> GN: Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> GN: Do you ever get to a
point because of remote viewing
where you just can't
shut your mind off?
>> ED: No-- I never have that.
>> GN: And if you
sleep OK and stuff.
>> ED: No, I don't.
>> GN: Say--
>> ED: I don't sleep
but it's not
because of that, I don't think.
I don't know what it's because.
>> GN: It might be.
>> ED: It might be insomnia.
But I-- most all of my time--
I'd say 80 percent of my
time is missing children.
It has nothing to do--
this other stuff I
do because I have to.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: The missing
children is my personal.
>> GN: Well that's
consultancy company
through the Matrix, isn't it?
>> ED: No.
Matrix Intelligence Agency
is a contract company--
>> GN: Private consulting, OK.
>> ED: -- firm, and
we do other--
>> GN: That's something else.
>> ED: The children
are-- we do that gratis.
We pay for our own trips.
We--
>> GN: But do you
have to get summoned
by the feds or by the police?
>> ED: I choose them on
a case by case basis.
And all the cases,
almost all the cases,
are missing endangered, a
missing endangered child.
I won't go after runaways or--
unless they're missing
endangered.
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: 'Cause it's not a--
our resources are limited.
>> GN: How many missing
children are there
in this country, a lot?
>> ED: Right now?
Right now?
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: Oh, at least 1,600.
Missing endangered,
though, they're dead.
A child, male or female, is
usually raped and murdered
within the first four hours.
>> GN: We have that many sickos
running around this country?
>> ED: It's epidemic--
[inaudible] conference
has an epidemic.
>> GN: Let me ask you about
something that's been happening
on the western coast shores, up
to-- up on the northern states.
Feet have been showing
up, British Columbia--
>> ED: Right.
>> GN: -- in like feet.
>> ED: Vancouver.
>> GN: Some of them with a
shoe on, some of them not.
What the heck is
happening there?
>> ED: Yeah, I though
that was interesting
but I have not had the
time to look at it.
The way we would target it is--
our best way of targeting
'cause we want chain
of custody is we would very much
like to have a photo
of one of the feet.
>> GN: OK.
>> ED: OK, because
then we have--
we don't have to
describe the target.
The foot that was discovered
on this particular beach
at this time, blah, blah, blah.
If we have a photo,
it's wonderful.
>> GN: To me, it's a serial
killer or some kind of cult--
>> ED: We--
>> GN: -- initiation thing.
>> ED: That's an
interesting point because,
as remote viewers, we are
taught to enter a problem
with no preconceived
notions, whatsoever.
If the cop say, "This body
was cast out off the car
after it was murdered," we just
say, "We'll take care of it,
we'll look into it," because
it could've been a teenager
who OD'd in a car and they
panicked, buddies threw him
out of it, it wasn't
a murder at all.
We don't have any biases
when we go into a problem.
The missing feet
could be some monster
that we never discovered.
Anything, there's
room for anything
out there in the cosmos.
Or, you probably right.
Yeah, you're probably right,
but we don't assume anything.
>> GN: So maybe that thought
about a serial killer
is the intuitive part
of me that kicked in.
>> ED: It could be
the intuitive part.
But more than likely, it's
the-- your knowledge base,
because you-- your
knowledge base combined
with your imagination,
combined with your fear.
>> GN: The Killshot, by the way,
as I mentioned, you're all going
to get a copy of this.
The sun is heating up.
We're in a solar maximus.
Its magnetic poles are shifting.
Scientists are already
saying that.
And this could happen soon.
>> ED: Yes, we believe,
based on our work,
is the best that we can do that
it's eminent with 2013-2014.
That's the best that we can do.
>> GN: You're talking like
an X flares that shuts
down the grid and everything.
>> ED: We're talking about a
number, a number of flares,
a number of very large
flares that take out a lot
of satellites, a
lot of satellites
that take down power grids too.
So the number of deaths,
the many millions of death--
>> GN: People will die because
of these things shutting down,
right?
>> ED: Indirectly,
indirectly, yes too.
And the-- a huge fear, and
I'm sure some of you are--
this is going through your
minds, there's a whole bunch
of nuclear reactors around
the Great Lake states--
>> GN: That's huge.
>> ED: -- and around
your hometown too.
>> GN: Yes.
>> ED: And if they lose
power, those diesel generators
that cool those plants
can only work for so long.
>> GN: And then they shut down.
>> ED: When they stop--
>> GN: That's right.
>> ED: -- got another Fukushima.
>> GN: You're absolutely right.
That, I think, is
the biggest problem
and it's not being recognized.
There are a couple
of people out there
who have written some
stories about it.
They've tried to
notify Congress.
Nobody is doing anything
about it.
>> ED: George, we let the genie
out of the bottle and it's--
we can't put it back in.
You know, nuclear power,
nuclear anything, it is the gift
that keeps on giving--
the weapons themselves,
a nuclear weapon is
the epitome of madness.
It's the epitome of madness.
A nuclear weapon?
How many times over could
we hope to destroy--
>> GN: Each other.
>> ED: -- each other, yeah.
And-- But we're not
good wards of our world,
of this garden of the world.
It's-- We're going down.
That's why they call
me Dr. Doom.
>> GN: If you were
addressing the people
who were contemplating
having children and you're
at this big conference of all
these perspective parents,
what would you tell
them about the future?
>> ED: I would tell them
exactly what I told you
and have told everybody else.
But I think, you know,
I'm contemplating
and my wife-to-be is
contemplating having a child.
I've always wanted a daughter.
And I'm starting
to question whether
or not that's a good idea.
>> GN: Because of
things to come?
>> ED: The horrible
things to come, yeah,
except in certain
areas of the planet.
>> GN: [Inaudible]
the three ghosts
from the Christmas Carol movie.
Scrooge, are these
things to come?
>> ED: The things to come.
Well, as remote viewers,
the things that we can pick
easily are the very large
events, the very
large [inaudible].
That's why we picked
up the global economic
collapse gold of 2000.
People said "ha-ha-ha"
about that, right?
OK, well it's here.
Massive disease, a global
pandemic, we picked that up,
not on the heels of a
global economic collapse,
but concurrent with it.
That means, as we go
down over the next year,
economically worldwide, this
pandemic that we've discovered,
I'm not sure whether it's
a hybrid between swine flu
and bird flu or something
else, but it's very large.
It's so large that you're
going to need lime pits
to handle dead people like
they do in the Bubonic plague.
It's very large.
And we picked that up and
obviously there this continuity
in cultural evolution that
I've called The Killshot.
Those events can be
picked up readily.
That's why I think the
profits of old had no problem
because they're totally
gifted psychics.
They're picking up things
thousands of years hence
and that's-- and
because they're big.
They loom largely on
scale of human evolution.
And the consequences are so
great, yeah, you're going
to pick it up, and your
unconscious is your best friend.
The first priority is
to take care of you.
But we normally don't
listen to that.
>> GN: Ed, remote
viewing of the future.
Are they events that
will we or could be?
Can we alter it?
>> ED: If a remote viewer
can pick up an event that's
in the future, it
already exists in time.
>> GN: It can't be stopped?
>> ED: It can not be stopped.
But as-- an individual
can choose whether or not,
sometimes, to participate
in that event.
>> GN: Or protect themselves--
>> ED: But I must-- right.
But that choice in time
has already been made.
>> GN: OK, so case in point,
the X flare from the sun,
you see it happening, so we have
to assume it's going to happen.
The altering of the future
could be governments saying,
"We just heard Major Dames,
we need to insulate the grid.
We need to protect ourselves
to minimize the problem."
That can be done.
>> ED: It could be done--
>> GN: The event happens--
>> ED: But if it
can be done, it's--
it already happened in time.
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: Yes.
I mean the event happens.
>> ED: There's a choice.
>> GN: They're going
to get the X flare.
>> ED: A choice on mind.
>> GN: But you can
protect yourself, you know.
I think that's one of the great
ways of using remote viewing is
to be able to stop yourself
from getting involved.
>> ED: It's a paradox,
I think, a paradox,
'cause it's already
happened, you know, it--
these are the kinds of questions
that the Buddhists say
don't drive men mad,
don't ask them, you know.
If God is so great,
can He Himself build--
you know, make a rock
that He can pick up.
He's going to-- that's--
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: This is my [inaudible].
>> GN: But I think people
sometimes remote view
when they get an instinct.
Maybe they're driving a car
and they say, "You know,
I'm not going to go
through this intersection,"
that's happened to
me and I don't.
>> ED: That's pure intuition.
>> GN: And a car goes through.
Maybe I saw the future too.
>> ED: Yeah, yeah,
that's pure intuition.
Yeah, actually, I'm saying
yes, and that's pure intuition.
We just take that and greatly
structure it because our demands
on what is inside this weapon,
how does it work and all that,
are so technologically
detailed that we have to do more
that the Oracle at Delphi did.
"Oh, General Horatio's
army is going to flank you
from the south," and all that.
>> GN: Right, and cut
right through you.
How many of you practice
remote viewing?
How many even tried?
Are you pretty successful?
Sometimes?
>> ED: She's a ringer, though,
because she's my student.
>> Yeah, I am.
>> GN: Oh, a student.
>> ED: She lives in Denver.
>> GN: Super.
He's good.
He knows what he's doing.
Are you going to
keep doing this?
Does Ed Dames ever stop?
>> ED: Yeah, Dames would stop.
I've reached-- I've trained
enough professionals now
and I've helped them set
up their own companies,
their own enterprises.
I'm very proud of
them and I'm proud
of myself that I created them.
And that-- 'cause I did not
feel I could exit stage left
until I did that.
So, yeah, I need to
retire, I need a break.
But the reason I'm
retired from army was
because we could not use this
unit to study the UFO phenomena.
>> GN: Right.
>> ED: And--
>> GN: And you wanted to?
>> ED: -- that was my passion.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: So for the
last 20 years, I've--
and I've [inaudible] about
them, many scientists know me.
But now, I've pulled all of
my assets in, I don't work
with anybody in the
[inaudible] anymore.
I want contact.
I feel that contact is so
important in the future
of this planet because when
we rebuild this planet,
and we're going to have to do
that when we rebuild our culture
into something I hope
is called civilization,
we're going to have
to do it with help
because we'll make the
same mistakes again.
>> GN: Well, you know,
I've interviewed a few military
folks, Ed, who have worked
at missile silos and they say
that UFOs had literally
shut them down.
>> ED: Yes, and I'm
quite aware of that.
>> GN: Just to let them
know we can do this.
>> ED: But what I've done is
I've taken those particular
objects and actually in at some
cases, they weren't objects,
they were plasma creations, but
that-- that not what's standing,
and follow them back
to where they are.
I'm going to knock on
that door, literally.
Because one of those particular,
let's call, the base for lack
of a better word, is on
the surface of this planet.
I want to see what happen--
actually I'm going to send
in my business partner
and see what happens
to him first.
If he's--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> ED: If he's vaporized,
I will run.
>> GN: That's right,
I don't blame you.
>> ED: But no, I want contact.
I want to try to-- I feel that
if we ask for help, you know,
it's better than nothing.
>> GN: Major Ed Dames,
it's called The Killshot,
you will all get one, thank you.
[ Applause ]
[ Music ]